i hope i never forget that nothing
should be a regret and that everything
happens for a reason
she just wanted to help people
the people that were suffering the worst
i've been here too long i've been very
sick and it's
very terrifying here
[Music]
she's in a black coat and there's like
pebbles
scattered on her coat looks staged to me
other than those three photos we don't
really have any proof
yet i suppose we just can't get rid of
the thought that
she might still be alive you can't trust
a terrorist organization
there's too much conflicting information
um you know if he lives in heaven with
the lord thank goodness
um but
if she's not we
can't let her down again we've we've got
to find her
[Music]
miracles happen
oh my gosh hello
yeah yes
oh my gosh what
oh oh my
it was it's really good news it's not
directly related to kayla
no it encourages us to continue
because of the nature of of the news
here we are four years in
and without definitive proof
how can we not have that little bit of
hope
we mourn all the men and women who have
been lost to us
i met with some of their families today
folks like jim foley
kayla mueller i want to personally thank
them for being here
many of you shared experiences today
where you were frustrated
that not enough was being done i
understand that you want more
we will never abandon our people thank
you
i feel secretary pompeo sincere about
what he said
and committed to read that dossier i
feel
we've taken another big step forward
maybe we will never get her home
but we're gonna fight for it
[Music]
you